Replace informal usage of hyphens with more appropriate formatting (#7376)
ppy/osu-wiki: wiki/Storyboard/Scripting/Cheat_Sheet/en.md

`_P,[...],p`

> **p**: the effect parameter to apply H—horizontal flip V—vertical flip A—additive-blend colour (as opposed to alpha-blend)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**p**: the effect parameter to apply: H for horizontal flip, V for vertical flip, and A for additive blend mode (as opposed to alpha-blend)
```

`_M,0,1000,,320,240,320,240`

> Please note the blank space in the endtime field—this is \[b\]required\[/b\].

Author: Should this be
```suggestion
Please note the blank space in the endtime field—this is **required**.
```
or is this part of the described syntax?

Reviewer: can do, since we're doing other miscellaneous fixes along the way too

Author: Removed the BBCode tags in this PR because they seemed to be present only in this file.
